1. The workout said it would be 13min, but ended up being 27. It does not seem like it factors in pauses, as well as the fact that you need some margin to prepare and reset. Please make sure to add this, so that the time estimation of the workout reflects the actual time.
2. For some reason, my first workout in the history says it was 2855 min long. That cant be right. Please check to see if there is a bug.
3. Please add a "workout complete" screen after the workout is done, with a summary. It doesnt feel clear that it was really registered. And also, it would be nice to get some kind of confirmation, summary, and celebration that you actually did the workout.
4. I have elastic bands at home, and I know that can extend the number of exercises you can do with some additional ones. Please add an option to say that you have elastic bands at home. Also please update the database with all relevant core exercises that uses elastic bands. If the user checks that they have these bands, please include them in the workout
5. I want a sound to play at the end of each timer (timed exercises and breaks), so that you get a clear feedback that it is done. It would also allow you to avoid having to look at your phone when you are waiting for a timer to complete.
6. The workout explanations are really only relevant if you have not done an exercise before. Instead of putting it at the top, move it to the bottom, and make it into a toggle or modal that you can open only if you need it.
7. It still does not seem like the app recognizes when you are doing a specific exercise for the first time. It should say something like "this is the first time you do this exercise, please do as many reps as you can before you break form, and then enter that" - so that the user understands they are supposed to calibrate the exercise values for themselves.
---
8. When I was on the workout screen in the middle of a workout, then switched to the history screen, and then back to the workout screen, the checked sets was removed and I had to start entering everything from scratch. Please make it so that the current workout progress is stored in memory, so that when you return to the screen it is still there.
9. My phone screen keeps shutting off during workouts. If possible, make the app prevent this from happening.